Updating ReadMe Documentation: (#1004)
recloudstream/cloudstream: README.md

#### Features:
+ **AdFree**, No ads whatsoever
+ No tracking/analytics
+ Bookmarks
+ Phone and TV support
+ Chromecast
+ Extension system for personal customization

<a id="discord"></a>

### Discord Server: 

We have a Discord server that hosts our passionate community; if you wish to talk with the project's maintainers, have questions about CloudStream, or just hang out, please join our Discord server through the link below. 

[![Discord](https://invidget.switchblade.xyz/5Hus6fM)](https://discord.gg/5Hus6fM)

<a id="install_rules"></a>

## Installation: 

Our documentation provides the steps to Install Cloudstream. The steps are simple and extensively customizable for your streaming needs! 

[Getting Started With CloudStream:](https://recloudstream.github.io/csdocs/)

<a id="contributing"></a>

## Contributing:
We **happily** accept any contributions to our project. To find out where you can start contributing towards the project, please look [at our issues tab](/cloudstream/issues)

<a id="issues"></a> 
 
### Issues: 

> While we **actively** accept issues and pull requests; We do require you fill out an [template](https://github.com/recloudstream/cloudstream/issues/new/choose) for issues, these include the following:

Reviewer: I would change punctuation:
```suggestion
While we **actively** accept issues and pull requests, we do require you fill out an [template](https://github.com/recloudstream/cloudstream/issues/new/choose) for issues. These include the following:
```

+ Before you add your Enhancement report, ensure the enhancement is reasonable and reasonably simple to implement; instead of asking for an entire UI redo, focus on a specific area that needs work. 
+ Ensure the enhancement will fix an issue, such as some settings missing key or accessibility features. 
+ Please describe an example of how the enhancement would be implemented and Why It is helpful. 
+ Make sure to include the "enhancement" label for the issue. 

It is also important to ensure that an issue is not duplicated or related to another open issue before recording it. 

<a id="extensions"></a> 

### Extensions:
 

> **Further details on creating extensions for CloudStream are found on our website. **

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Further details on creating extensions for CloudStream are found on our website.**
If you need help with development please come ask in our discord.
```

[Guide: For Extension Developers](https://recloudstream.github.io/csdocs/devs/gettingstarted/) 

<a id="contact_and_sources"></a>

## Further Sources and Social: 

As well as providing clear install steps, our [website](https://dweb.link/ipns/cloudstream.on.fleek.co/) includes a wide variety of other tools, such as: 
- [Troubleshooting](https://recloudstream.github.io/csdocs/troubleshooting/)
- [Further CloudStream Repositories](https://recloudstream.github.io/csdocs/repositories/) 
- Set-Up for other devices, such as:
  - [Android Tv](https://recloudstream.github.io/csdocs/other-devices/tv/)
  - [Windows](https://recloudstream.github.io/csdocs/other-devices/windows/)
  - [Linux](https://recloudstream.github.io/csdocs/other-devices/linux/)
- And more...

We have a discord server that helps host our passionate community. There, you can hang out and chat with other users of CloudStream, Discuss problems among fellow developers on the project, help with issues, or find guides relating to CloudStream use and development. 

[![Discord](https://invidget.switchblade.xyz/5Hus6fM)](https://discord.gg/5Hus6fM)

<a id="languages"> </a>  

### Supported languages:

> Even if you can't contribute to the code or documentation, we always contribute to translation and language support. It's exceptionally appreciated; you can check our translation from the figure below. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Even if you can't contribute to the code or documentation it's always possible to [contribute](https://hosted.weblate.org/engage/cloudstream/) to the translations. It's exceptionally appreciated; you can check our translation status in the figure below. 
```
